Describe maintainer collaboration (#354)
NixOS/nix.dev: maintainers/README.md

To keep discussions highly focused and make their results accessible, we will:

> - prepare meeting agendas as a pull requests on the [nix.dev repository](https://github.com/NixOS/nix.dev)

Reviewer: @infinisil writes agendas as a Discourse thread, and the reply are the meeting notes

  - pull requests have priority, invite authors to the meetings
  - annotate estimated discussion time for each agenda item, it should be followed
- prepare notes collaboratively, e.g. in a [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/) scratchpad
- merge pull requests made on the last session
- submit new pull requests or issues
- add notes to existing issues or pull requests as a comment
- post the meeting protocol on the [Discourse documentation category](https://discourse.nixos.org/c/dev/documentation/25)
- update calendar invitations

Meeting notes should contain:

- date of meeting
- list of attendees

> - results and links to GitHub issues and PRs for each agenda item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- results and links to GitHub issues and pull requests for each agenda item
```
